Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Hate crimes against Asian Americans are on
the rise.
Every disease has ever came from China!
Everything comes from China.
You guys are disgusting!
The China Virus
At least 3.000 anti-Asian incidents since
February
Asia!
Oh my God!
Out of here!
We don't want you here. That's why
we elected President Trump!
I'll kill you! I'll decapitate you!
We did everything we could.
I'm sorry.
My thoughts and prayers are with
you and your family
I always done my job to protect
Rob. but this? This is something
I never saw in a million years.
Shit. Joe. It ain't your fault. It's those
damn Chinese spreading this shit!
Rob might get it next. Hell. any of us
could be next.
Rob ain’t the same.
I feel like he don't even wanna
fight anymore.
I've seen it in the gym.
It's like he's got nothing to fight
for.
Well. let's give him something.
What do you mean?
What are we suppose to do?
Just sit here and offer our
condolences?
His momma just died!
I get that!
God rest her soul. but we still
got life in us.
We're acting like we're next or somethin.
I know there's still life in Rob
but if we don't give him something to
fight for. he's just gonna end up
drunk. drugged up.
What do you suggest we do?
If it wasn't for COVID. his momma
still be alive today.
So I say he fights to avenge her.
You saying we should have Rob
fight in China?
No I'm saying we have Rob's next
opponent be Chinese
and we beat his ass!
And make an example of him.
A super fight!
Rodeo against the biggest Chinese boxer
for the title.
That way. Rob's got something to fight
for. And we make a shit ton of money.
The problem being. Ain't no Chinese people
big in boxing.
Nobody?
Nobody anyone will pay to see.
No Chinese?
None.
Then we'll just open it up.
Chinese. Asian. whatever the fuck.
If you can fight. you have a
chance with the champ.
We just gotta find someone that
Rob can beat the shit out of.
Fucking loser!
Oh my God. Zeus!
Look at your face!
I'm alright mom.
Huh? You’re ugly now!
Mom. I'm fine.
God. please!
Stop this boxing now.
Mom. I’m not going to stop boxing.
alright. I just won!
Oh yea? How much?
Not much.
How much?
Thirty-six dollars.
Thirty-six?
You risk your life for thirty-six dollars?
Please! Stop this boxing now.
And and just be a nurse!
Mom. I don’t wanna be a nurse.
Fine. then just work at the post office.
It’s a stable job. Zeus.
See. that’s why I don’t want to
live here anymore.
You always tell me to find a stable
job.
Like I'm trying to fight for my dream
here.
Oh. my God.
You’re going to give me
heart attack.
You want to give me a heart attack?
Mom. calm down.
Please! Stop this fighting.
No!
Then I'm gonna die!
I’m gonna die. Zeus!
Oh. that’s what you want?
Oh. okay you want me to die.
Lord. God.
Please strengthen me to be the next
Boxing World Champion.
Please allow my mom to be proud
of me.
And please Lord. allow me
to never
become a nurse
When I’m all alone and far away.
Floating further into outer space.
I can count on you
to remind me of my gravity and
pull me back to earth
I can count on you
How you holdin up?
I’m doing alright.
I know you got a lot going on now.
I just wanted to say
Your momma. she meant the
World to us.
I appreciate that.
Which is why I wanted to bring
something up to you.
What’s that?
See these Chinese they
started this virus.
And now we got thousands
of people dying all over America.
I mean. hadn’t started with
them. your momma would still be alive.
This is the greatest country on
the face of the earth.
Are we going to let this virus keep
Killing our people? Killing our moral?
Our hope?
I say we fight back.
For your momma.
For America.
I say we put a Chinese boxer
In the ring and you beat the
shit out of him.
Show him what happens when
You fuck with America.
Son. they took your momma.
Well. let’s take their fucking heads off
in the ring.
Zeus!
Hey! What’s going on?
What’s up. man?
I heard you won your fight last night.
Damn right I did.
Ah. that’s what I like to hear.
I also heard Lorenzo quit.
He was giving me bad advice.
Ok. Ok. I understand.
I also heard you were thrown out.
They only gave me thirty-six dollars.
And? So you hit him?
You lucky you even got that.
You gotta build your record up.
You don’t just get a shot at the
World Title.
You gotta build your way up there.
You're not even paying attention to me
right now!
Who’s that?
That guy?
Yeah.
You don’t wanna fuck with him.
He only trains black fighters.
Why's that?
I just heard he’s from the streets.
And he only trains people from
the streets.
But forget about him.
You follow my plan. You be
making the big bucks.
And then you can hire whoever
you want.
You always say that shit. man.
I’m tired of being broke.
You know how embarrassing it is to
live at home with your mom?
You’re Asian! It’s cool!
You can stay at home until
you’re like forty.
You think I want to live at home with
my mom till I’m forty?
Well. you can always be a nurse.
Man. fuck you.
What?
I’m just saying. it’s a noble job.
Plus they pay well.
And besides. you’re Filipino.
All nurses are Filipino.
Man. the only time I want to
see a nurse Is in the ring
when I knock out my next opponent.
And speaking of my next opponent.
You got that set up for me yet?
I’m working on it.
Man. you always say that shit.
Let me ask you.
Have I ever failed you?
Yes
Well. have you ever lost a fight?
No. but I control whether I win or lose.
You control who goes in the
ring with me.
Do your job or I’m going to find
somebody else.
Don’t talk to me like that.
Look. I'll do my job. You just
worry about knocking them out.
I’m gonna get out of here.
You did a good job last night.
Almost forgot to put on this mask.
You know this Corona virus shit.
You don’t know about it because
you’re Asian.
Whoa. whoa what's that supposed
to mean?
You’re immune to it.
Why would I be immune to it?
You’re Asian.
It started in Asia.
I’m Filipino American. man.
I was born here in LA.
I know. But you know what I mean.
You know that.
No. I don’t know what you mean.
man!
Man. stop being a fucking racist.
I’m not racist.
I’m just telling you the facts.
The facts is you don’t have to be
Asian to have the Coronavirus.
I’m just following the news.
Just get out of here.
You don’t hear them talking about
COVID.
COVID. To be specific. COVID-19.
That name gets further and further away
from China as opposed to calling it
“The Chinese Virus”.
And despite the fact that we. I
have done a phenomenal job with it.
Aye bro.
What?
Check it out.
What the fuck?
Fuck that!
Yo get that shit!
Hey old man!
What’s up old man?
Get the fuck out of here!
You know where you at?
Looks like you need some hand sanitizer.
Just get out of here. man!
Spreading the fucking virus out here.
You need some hand sanitizer. buddy?
We don’t like that shit.
Nobody likes that shit.
Hey!
Get the fuck out of here.
Why you messing with an old man for?
What? You want some too?
What he ever do to you?
This!
We greatly appreciate y’all being here.
Now this is a tough time.
For all of us.
As difficult as a time it is. we
would like to announce that this will
be the last fight of Rob Rodeo
Cooper’s career.
But. but with that said
We would also like to announce.
That Rob would be given an opportunity
For a shot at the title to anyone
Would like to apply.
What do you mean by anyone?
Rodeo understands how hard it is to
become world Champion.
How sometimes It’s unfair that
Up and coming fighters have to
make their way up the ranks.
So Rob would like to give this
unique opportunity to the right person.
All they have to do is
apply on our website.
And we will announce who the
lucky opponent will be.
Or. unlucky should we say.
Why now in these tough times?
Why so soon?
Didn’t your mother just pass?
I believe that fighting
is the thing I do best.
Hell. It’s the only thing I know
how to do.
But. with my mother gone.
I feel like there’s
nothing left to fight for.
But my team
Coach Bundy. Luke Mahoney.
The only family I have left.
They brought to my attention what
I must fight for now.
And that is?
Justice.
And how will you do that?
Find out on October 10th.
Thank you very much.
Wait. just one more question!
Can you tell us who you’re
going to pick?
Who gave you this idea?
Oh. hi auntie Zeta.
Morning. Zeus.
Where’s your mom?
Oh. she’s at the grocery store.
Grocery store?
She asked me to color her hair.
Oh. sorry auntie
You still boxing?
Yes. auntie.
Gorilla in Manilla.
Zeus. you’re not from Manilla.
You’re an Am-Boy.
What’s an Am-Boy?
American Boy.
No. I understand a little.
Have you ever been to Manila?
No. when I was young. yeah.
You’re an adult now.
So start acting like one.
Stop wasting your life in this boxing.
You’re too old. Zeus.
Gorilla in Manilla.
You’re not even a gorilla.
People say I fight like one. auntie.
But are you a gorilla?
No.
You’re getting older. your mom is
getting older.
Who’s going to take care of her?
A gorilla?
I’ll take care of her.
Grow up. Zeus.
Get a stable job. make good money!
How much money are you
making now?
Not much.
Not much?
All this boxing. boxing and you’re
making nothing. nothing.
Don’t be a loser.
Don’t you pity your mom?
She works two jobs
just to support both of you.
Two jobs. Zeus!
You Am-Boys have no
respect for us.
You have no idea what
we went through to get to this country.
All you do is waste your life pursuing
these dreams while we break
our backs to support you.
You are not a true Filipino.
You did great Rob.
Now we wait.
I like how you sold that
equal oppportunity bullshit.
We got to.
Otherwise they’ll say we’re racist.
We want people to see this fight.
At the end of the day. it ain’t about
being white or black or yellow
It is all all about the green.
Hey fellas.
I think we found our guy.
Oh. shit!
You believe that shit?
Oh. hell yeah.
Anak. can you help me?
There’s more in the trunk.
Zeus!
Where you going?
I’m going to the gym. uncle.
Come here!
Let me talk to you first.
I want to know what’s happening
in your life.
I’ll only take a few minutes of
your time.
Come
So
What’s going on in your life. anak?
Nothing much. uncle.
Just training for my next fight.
You’re still boxing?
Yes. uncle.
You’re too old for that. Zeus.
That’s just a dream.
I always tell him that.
He doesn’t listen to me.
I still believe in this dream. uncle.
Well. you need to wake up.
You’re not getting any younger.
Pretty soon. another year will go by.
And then five years
and then you’ll be old like me.
You need to find a good stable job.
A government job.
Have you ever think about uh
joining the Navy?
Yes.
It’s a good paying job.
With benefits.
And you got to serve your country.
You know I was in the Navy for
twenty years.
It’s how I came to America.
I got to see the world.
Buy a house.
And live a good life.
I’ll think about it.
You say think about it
but nothing happens.
Write it down.
Make a plan or something.
Come on!
You have to help your mom here.
You’re her only son.
When she gets old.
no one’s going to take care
of her
I mean look at her
She works just for you.
And what do you give her
in return?
See?
Nothing!
Aren’t you ashamed?
I’ll take care of her uncle.
With what?
When I win these fights…
You have no money!
When I win these fights
I’ll have enough money.
There you go again.
Dreaming.
You’re a dreamer. Zeus.
If you join the Navy.
at least you have money.
And then you can do whatever
you want.
Right now. all you do is
beg your mom for money.
“Mommy. can I have twenty dollars?”
“Mommy. can I have money for gas?”
Your uncle is right. Zeus.
I’m tired of working two jobs.
Mom. just wait a little longer. okay
I got another fight coming up
And if I win…
See!
There it is!
"If!"
You see...
Me and your mom grew up poor.
There was never an “if”.
If I didn’t bring food home
You know what would happen?
My dad would beat me.
If I didn’t make any money.
you know what would happen?
My dad would lock me in the room
and hit me with the belt.
You Am-boys have it so good here
in America
Well I believe I'm gonna be the next
Middleweight Champion of the world uncle.
Do you think you're really going to be
a big boxer on the TV?
Huh?
How many Asian boxers are there
on TV?
And who the hell are you?
You’re not even good!
Only one in a million
can get there.
So tell me. Zeus
Are you one in a million?
Or just one in a dozen?
Pray for your son that he
wakes up.
Stop this dreaming now.
Next time I see you
I don’t want to hear about
this boxing.
It’s time you help your mom.
Time to be practical.
Give up this dream!
Look at your mom’s face.
That’s the look of hard work
just to support you.
It’s time you support her.
Zeus!
You get my next fight yet?
No. no no
I got you something better.
Come on. man.
Look! I got you
something better.
Oh. damn.
Just saw it.
Everybody is wondering who it was.
I knew it was you when you
threw that right.
You’re going to be fucking
famous man.
I know you’re trying to be off
the grid. but right now is
the perfect time to get
back on it.
You’re blowing up.
So does this mean you’ll
get me my next fight?
Yes!
This means big bucks for
you and for me.
Alright then.
I just wanted to show you
in person.
You really knocked the shit
out of that guy.
Oh. my God!
All you had to do next was give
him a blanket. Night night bitch.
Damn man! Good job!
You really showed him.
Appreciate it. brother.
I told you. you was gonna be famous.
That was a good punch. son.
Thanks.
I’m Coach Green. nice to meet you.
Zeus.
Hey. How would you like to make
some cash?
I got this.
I’m his manager.
How you doing?
Unofficial manager.
What’s the deal?
How about you test out them
knockout skills against my
fighter over there?
Alright.
You knock him out. I’ll
give you a thousand bucks cash.
That’s all I gotta do?
Yup. that’s all you gotta do.
Just knock him out.
What if I lose?
Nothing.
You got nothing to lose.
Alright then.
Where’s your trainer?
I don’t have one.
You got this.
You sure you want to do
this fight?
Yeah. I need the money.
Alright.
Let's get started.
Aye! Just so you know this is
boxing alright?
Not kung flu.
Aye coach.
You know there’s COVID going around.
And you put me head to head
with this nigga?
You trying to me taking out
before the fight even started.
Shut up. man. Let’s fight.
Oh. shit. This nigga
speaks English.
Ok. You had me confused there
Kung-flu master.
I hope you know how American
boxing goes.
You see. it all starts
with a jab.
Moving too fast for you. brother?
This is too easy. Come on!
Too easy!
Get yo ass up.
Come on. coach!
See. I’m the best.
I'm the next middleweight champion
of the world. Aye. is there
anybody else here in the gym?
Anybody?
I'll pay two thousand.
I accept Paypal or Venmo.
Set up the fight.
You sure you want to fight
this guy?
Damn. sure.
This guy is going around.
punching random Americans?
Fuck that!
I’m going to send his ass back
to China.
I’ve been doing my research.
he’s from Los Angeles.
And he’s Filipino.
Same shit.
He fought some guy the ring
he snuck up behind him
and knocked him out.
A true fighter. faces his
opponent and then strikes.
Look. I’m ready.
I want you to fly out
there tomorrow and setup
the fight.
Sounds like we’re going to war.
Uh. can I help you. sir?
Morning. ma’am.
I’d like to talk to Zeus Ortega.
Uh. is he in trouble?
Because he doesn’t live here.
He lives in uh Stockton with his
Auntie Pat.
No. ma’am. I’d like to present
an offer to your son.
For the Middleweight championship title
of the world.
You don’t mind if I…
Uh. would you like some
Buko Juice or calamansi juice?
Water would be nice ma’am thank you.
You’re quite the talk of the town.
Thank you.
You’re trending all over social media.
I don’t know if you’re familiar with
Rob Rodeo Cooper?
I’m very familiar with Rob.
I think he’s a great fighter.
Well. he thinks you’re a
great fighter.
Matter of fact. that’s why I’m here.
How’d you like to go head to head
with the champ?
Wow.
I don’t know what to say.
I'd be honored.
Excuse me. Sorry to interrupt.
Uh. but how much money
will my son get to fight this
uh Rodeo?
Well this would be a big
fight so you’ll be receiving about
1.2 Million dollars.
Oh. my God!
A Million dollars?
Anak. Zeus. say yes!
Rodeo would be getting ten.
Obviously because of his record.
But you will walk away
with a million win or lose.
Hold on mom let me get
the details for a second.
I don’t care about the details.
I don’t want to work anymore.
Where’s the contract? I’ll sign.
Hold on. What’s the catch?
There’s no catch. Win or lose.
The money is yours.
Alright. let’s do it.
–What the fuck just happened?
–Hold on. calm down for
–a second.
–no. no. no. I look online
–and your mom posted something
about you being a millionaire?
–I signed the deal.
–Signed what?
A 1.2 million dollar contract
to fight Rob "Rodeo" Cooper
Why didn’t you call me?
I thought I was your manager.
Man. it happened so fast.
What do you want me to say?
No.
And besides it’s not like
you’re getting me deals anyways.
You’re always like. “Zeus. you
gonna be famous!”
“Zeus. you gonna get this
and that!”
Man. at the end of the day
I just want to fight.
And when you’re at home living
with your mom and all you hear
is that you’re a loser.
And you won’t amount to nothing.
Man. something inside just said
sign the damn thing.
I get it. I understand.
But I have to ask you
as your manager. the one who
always believed in you…
–Aw. man here it is
–I mean always believed in you
I gotta know. are you gracious
enough. generous enough. to give
me ten percent?
First of all. you never get me
any fights.
Second of all
you always all talk and no delivery.
At the end of the day. loyalty is
more important than money.
–Yup.
–So I’m gonna give you some
–money.
–Yeah?
Alright. alright. aye!
Don’t make me knock your ass out.
Hey. hey. hey!
Save that for the ring with Cooper.
Alright.
But let’s be serious.
What are you gonna do
for a trainer?
You’re not going to like
this answer.
But I think I know the right guy.
It better not be Coach Green.
No.
No. no. no. no. no.
–He’s crazy!
–And that’s why he’s perfect.
You’re the one in the ring.
Not me.
As long as you sign the check
for the ten percent. we’re good.
I’m out of here.
Back so soon?
I sent your ass the money.
–I sent it back.
–Now why would you do that for?
–Because I want you to be my coach.
–Your coach?
Yeah. I don’t have one.
And I need one to beat Rob
Rodeo Cooper.
–Hear this nigga?
No offense man. But I train
real fighters. Mother fuckers
that came from the streets.
Not no social media viral one
hit wonder mother fuckers.
–I grew up in a tough area
too. alright.
I got into my first fight when
I was eleven.
What else you did in kindergarten?
Man. if you don’t want
to train me. that’s fine. I’ll
find someone else.
Hold on. Hold on.
Now. i’m not saying i’m
gonna be your coach.
But i’m gonna give your
monkey ass a chance to show
me the fuck you got.
Alright.
Now. get the fuck out my face
before I change my mother
fucking mind.
Aye. put it back!
Aye. put that shit back!
Or I’ll knock your ass out!
Here. just take it!
Keep it! Just don’t mess with
her anymore.
Thank you.
You didn’t have to do that.
No problem.
That guy always does that.
What do you mean?
He doesn’t take a lot. but
I see everytime he does it.
I’m sure he needs it more
than I do.
So you let him steal from you?
I don’t look at it as stealing.
Well. I usually see you here
working hard and singing
and you can’t let people
like that rob from you.
Well. what’s worse?
A robber or a stalker?
Woah. woah. who’s a stalker?
Hold on. I’m trying to do a
good thing here. Help
you out. I’m not some
creepy guy that just stares
at you all day.
Right.
–I’m Cora.
–Zeus.
–That’s a cool name.
–It’s short for Corazon
Corazon Punongbayan.
–Oh. so you’re Filipino?
–My name always gives
it away...
It means. Tree...
“Tree of the People”.
Yeah. I'm Filipino too.
–What’s your last name?
–Ortega.
–Sounds more Mexican.
–Aren’t Filipino’s the Mexican’s of
Asia.
I think I heard Jo Koy say
that once.
Jo Koy’s hilarious!
Yeah. he put Filipino’s on the map!
Look. um I don’t know if
It’s your lunch break
right now. but I do know
a good place around here
that sells good halo halo.
If you want to try it.
I mean I did save you
from being robbed so…
I love how Villa Manilla makes
the best halo halo.
It’s like finally. white folks
would be able to enjoy our food.
I know. right. For the longest time
I was always embarrassed
to eat any Filipino food
in front of my white friends.
Because they would always be like.
“What’s that smell?”
I wish I can go to the
Philippines someday just for
the food.
Yea
–Have you ever been?
–Yeah. when I was really young.
But I haven’t been there ever since.
I always see photos on social of
Boracay. Palawan. i’m like
That’s my hood!
It makes me proud to see
Filipinos being recognized for
something.
Yeah.
It’s either that or balut.
Oh. that nasty egg fetus thing?
–Wait! You don’t like it?
–Gross! You like that stuff?
Yeah!
How would you know
unless you try?
How about this. if I find
a good balut place
you gotta take me there?
–If you find a good one.
I’m really picky when it
comes to good balut.
And the way you gotta eat it
I see you got them good
balut skills.
So. are you training for
a marathon or something?
No. I'm training for a
pretty big fight.
Oh. you’re a fighter?
MMA or boxing?
I box.
Well. show me what you got.
Oh. my God!
I am so sorry!
–It’s fine.
–I thought you were fast!
I am fast. I just you know
didn’t expect it. Um. but
anyways uh. what do you do?
Obviously. you didn’t hear me
singing back there.
Oh. I have and you sing
really well.
–Right.
–No really!
You’re just saying that.
No. I know I’m toward the
end of my run when I start
to hear your voice.
There’s something unique about it
where I don’t hear the ocean or
People. I just hear you singing.
I moved here from San Francisco.
To become a singer.
But I never caught my lucky break.
Been here for about five years now.
No recording contract.
no deal. no luck.
Well you know I don’t really
believe in luck.
I feel like we’re all blessed with
unique gifts. And it’s up to us
to use these gifts every single day.
Some people never really realize their
gifts. You know? And they just
waste their lives trying to figure
it out. But once you do.
I feel like you gotta fight
for it.
Because life is a fight.
Well...
I better get going.
Are you on social?
Not really because I’m trying
to stay focused for this fight.
But how about you come over
sometime?
And we can try some balut?
Sure.
Leave your shit in the car
and come with me.
See this neighborhood out here?
It’s where I first got jumped by
eight motherfuckers.
I had to try and crawl out
here alive.
See that block right here?
That’s where I first got stabbed.
I was just minding my business.
Then all of a sudden it was
blood everywhere.
See that curve right there?
I took that same guy.
put his head on that curb
and kicked his motherfucking
teeth in
No one ever fucked with me
after that.
–What up Coach Green?
–What up young blood?
How you doing?
See you got some fresh
meat in the house.
Yeah. we about to put his
ass on the grill. see what
he’s made of.
Alright. Well. let’s see what
he can do.
–Yo! Coach Green!
–Back from the dead.
–They out back?
–Yeah. they out back.
Who’s this supposed to be man?
The next Pacquiao or some shit?
Yeah. we’ll see. We’ll see.
Ding. ding. ding. We got
some fresh new meat in
the house.
–Yessir.
Yea. You got no where to
go now. kung flu.
Now. you sure you want to
learn how to fight?
Yeah.
Be careful what you ask for.
This is where the real fighting
is done. In the streets.
Not in no damn boxing gym.
These guys here. they do
this for a living.
It’s not a sport to them.
It’s life and death.
They fight every motherfucking
fucking day.
Some of these guys
you may not even see them
tomorrow. This is survival for them.
Be warned. They’re not going
to be easy on you.
I’m just here to make sure
they don’t kill your ass.
Are you sure you want
to learn how to fight?
–Yeah. I just need some gloves.
–This nigga said gloves.
Gloves?
There ain’t no gloves in
a street fight.
Oh. and another thing.
There ain’t no clock either.
You both go at it till one
is left standing.
–Huh?
Lesson number one. always
keep your hands up.
Feels different to get hit with
a bare punch. huh?
Yeah. it’s a pain you’ll
never forget.
We exercising your muscle memory
today.
When I’m done. there won’t be no
muscle memory left.
Lesson number two. remember
they always fight dirty.
So be prepared.
Trash
–Jones.
–Yessir.
You up next.
Lesson number three
never ever give up.
You still want to learn how to
fight?
Yeah
Wait till you meet the cholos
from South Central.
Zeus. anak is that you?
–Yes. mom.
–Oh. my God!
–Look at your face!
–Mom. I'm fine.
–Ugly again!
–Mom. I’m fine
Oh. my God!
I have to take you to
the hospital. Come on let’s go!
What if you have brain damage?
I don’t have brain damage. mom!
What if you have internal bleeding?
Let me see!
Follow
Ok. Wait here.
If you’re going to keep fighting
You have to fight smart.
Don’t let them hit your face.
Because once they break your nose.
your nose. you’re going to be ugly.
You want that?
–No. mom.
–Ok
Then fight smarter.
Don’t get hit.
–It’s boxing. mom.
–Then be a smart boxer.
Don’t let them hit you.
–Hi auntie!
–Oh. hi!
I’m Corazon Punongbayan.
Oh. you’re so pretty!
Zeus! Come! It’s your girlfriend.
I knew a Punongbayan.
Back in Pampanga.
Very nice family.
–Hey.
–What happened?
Oh. sorry. I got beat up
in training.
What kind of training is that?
My coach is crazy.
–I’m so sorry I forgot about tonight.
–Oh. that’s ok.
I brought you and your
mom a surprise.
Thank you.
Balut!
Oh. I love balut!
Zeus. marry her!
Please. come inside.
Make yourself at home.
Ok. I’m going to go upstairs
and watch my Filipino Channel.
–It’s very nice to meet you.
–So nice to meet you too. auntie.
–Sorry again about tonight.
–That’s ok.
It’s cool I got to meet
your mom.
This living at home thing
Is just a temporary thing.
No need to explain.
–It’s cute you’re a momma’s boy.
–I’m... I ain’t no momma’s boy.
No. it’s fine.
I think all Filipino guys are
momma’s boys.
No. not all of them.
I’m not a momma’s boy.
It means. it means you’ll treat
your future wife right.
–Where’s your dad?
–Uh. he left when I was young.
–I’m sorry to hear that.
–No. no need to be.
So. are you ready?
For what?
For my favorite part of the night?
What’s that?
Eating balut!
Yeah! I’m excited.
Oh. no I can’t. I can’t.
Come on. Zeus.
Yes. you can!
Ah. man. I can’t.
Here. that balut thing is all you.
You said you would try it if I
brought some.
See. you even have a
shell literally right here.
You just got to remove it.
–Yeah.
–Do I?
Yeah. you good now.
No. i’m good. I can’t.
Come on!
It looks so gross.
You’re mister badass boxer
and you can’t eat an egg?
Come on!
–Give me the damn egg!
–Yay!
Aw. look at that. you can
even see the hair and...
–Aw. man.
–Go ahead.
Do I just open it or?
–Here you just…
–Alright.
It’s like Jurassic Park.
Oh. it’s dripping.
You gotta slurp the juice.
Slurp the juice.
Alright. Good scoop.
It’s pretty good.
See!
Oh. I got a shell in there.
You hear that crunch?
Get it all! Yup!
Experience it all.
It’s good. It’s good.
I like it.
I told you.
–You’re right.
–Right?
Ok. What other animals you
got in there?
–You back for more?
–What else you got?
You gonna wish you never asked.
Put your shit in your car.
And come with me.
What are you again?
What do you mean?
You Chinese? Japanese?
I’m Filipino.
Really? What’s your last name?
Ortega.
Shit. You gonna get along
with the cholos just fine.
You practically Mexican.
I was born out here in LA.
Now how that make sense?
You look Chinese.
your last name is Ortega.
but you were born in America?
I guess America’s changing.
It’s not about the black or
the white anymore.
Maybe it is. But to Rodeo Cooper.
You still Chinese.
Damn. look who it is.
It ain’t about the black
or the white.
It’s about the green.
What’s good. Coach Green?
Aye. Paco my man. What’s going on?
Same shit. different day.
You know what it is.
Is this the puto you want
us to stuff in the trunk?
Relax. I’m fucking with you.
Chung Lee.
He’s about to meet Sniper today.
–Oh. shit.
Want to know why
they call him Sniper?
Why?
Because when he shoots homes
he don’t miss.
Damn. Sniper. Fuck him up foo.
That’s what I’m talking about Ese.
What did I say?
Lesson number one.
Always keep your
hands up. Let’s go.
Damn. yo Chino’s got balls.
Chino. I would stay down
If I was you foo.
With him. when he throwing
his straight. You throw your
jab straight and hook.
Got it?
Yo. he wants some more.
Show him what’s up!
Sniper. Let’s go. Sniper!
Oh! Damn. Chino!
Come on. Coach Green!
Listen to me. man.
I’m not going to be training you
If you keep getting your ass beat.
I need for you to get close enough
to him so you can land
your punches.
Then jab. straight and hook.
Let’s go!
Boom! There it is.
–Shit. you good Snipe?
–That’s what I’m talking about.
You get hit a hundred times.
But with a one hitter quitter.
It's over.
Send in the next guy.
Yo. Max! Fuck this puto up.
The bigger they are.
the harder they fall.
With him. straight body shots.
You’re going to have to go
downstairs on him. Let’s go.
Come on Max. this foo
too small for you.
Get em’ bro. come on!
Max. fuck this foo up!
Knock his ass out Max.
he way too little for you.
Knock this little Chino out.
Knock his ass out foo!
Come on ese. this foo too
little for you.
We done foo.
You knocked his ass out. ese.
Sup with your boy. Coach Green.
What did I tell you?
Go downstairs on him
Straight body shots.
What the fuck was that?
Get up. man.
Get yo ass up. let’s go.
Consider this your lesson
for the day Jackie Chan.
Don’t fuck with the streets.
You can do that boxing shit
all the fuck you want up in the
gym. But when you step
to us. vato. You best make
sure you come prepared.
You lucky you rolling with Coach G.
Otherwise you wouldn’t be
rolling out of here alive Chino.
Slow it down. Slow it down. Slow down.
You're fighting for America.
Up. up. up
One. One. One.
Two. One. Two. Five. Six.
One. Two. Five. Six.
Move. Move. Move.
You’re fighting for your country.
One. Two. Three. Four.
Good. One. Two. Three. Four.
Again. Again. Again.
Here we go. Here we go.
Come on. Come on.
Come on. Get up boy. Get up boy.
Let’s go again.
Come on. Let’s go.
You’re fighting for your momma.
Give me a right hand. Take a rest.
Hey!
Yo!
Wake up.
Training’s over man.
–What do you mean?
–You don’t got what it takes. man.
I don’t train losers in the gym.
I train fighters and you’re
not a fighter.
–What are you talking about?
I fought all those people
you were telling me to.
Oh. you got your ass beat.
That’s what happened.
I was listening to what
you told me to.
Listening and doing is two different
things.
You just like those other boxers
out there.
They watch a boxer on TV
and they want to be on TV.
But I put your ass in the street
And you can’t fight for shit.
They see people on social media
training and posting and talkin
about they putting in work. But in
reality they all fluff.
No core. They all for show.
They soft. just like all those
other millennials.
Well. I’m different and I fight different.
How you different?
What is different about you?
Huh? Are you saying you’re a
Gorilla in Manilla?
Cause you can’t fight for shit.
You’re just all for show.
And you’re not even a real trainer.
Taking people out into the streets.
Teaching them how to fight.
That’s not how the greats did it.
That’s not how Ali did it.
–Is you Ali. huh? Is you
Fucking Ali?
–I’m Zeus!
Who the fuck is Zeus? Huh?
Your mother should have named you
Goose or Loose cause you
can’t fight for shit.
Man. I’m out of here.
Only true fighters train with me.
Motherfuckers from the streets.
I’m a true fighter. When you told me
to fight those gangs. I was down.
I’m even down to fight you
right now in the ring.
–You sure you want to do that?
–Yeah.
Ok. Let’s get started.
Ok.
You ain’t no Gorilla in Manilla.
How the fuck you gonna take on
Rodeo Cooper? You can’t even
hit an old man. What the fuck
is the matter with you. boy?
Look at you. you can’t fight
for shit. Get your monkey
ass up.
You could get hit a hundred times.
But with a one-hitter-quitter. it’s over
Anak? Are you ok?
Anak! What did I say?
Stop getting hit. Look at your face.
–Mom. it’s boxing.
–Stop getting boxed
You box them.
–I’m going to go to bed.
–Oh. wait.
Let me fix your face.
I’ll get my things.
Anak
You don’t have to keep
fighting If you don’t want to.
I want to mom. I have to.
You don’t have to do anything.
You don’t have to prove anything.
–Yes. I do. mom. People say I’m a loser.
You’re not a loser.
You cousin bong bong always in the
Casino. He’s a loser.
–I just want to make you proud.
I’m already proud of you. anak.
But you always tell me to be a nurse
or work at the post office.
I just care about you.
I want you to have enough money.
Because without money. we can’t
move in this world.
I grew up poor. With nothing.
It was so hard.
I don’t want you to go
through what I went through.
And that’s why I fight.
I want to buy us a big house someday.
And take care of us the
way dad didn’t.
He left and now I’m the
man of the house.
You have. anak a million dollars.
you’re a millionaire.
Not yet. mom. I still have to fight.
I have to win.
Uh. you don’t have to win.
You show up. let him beat you
and come home.
–I have to fight and I have to win.
For all of us Filipino Americans.
For minorities across the world.
That don’t have a voice.
What will you accomplish?
What will you promote?
More violence?
I’ll promote that anything is
possible in America.
And that a man can be born
from a poor woman in the Philippines
and become a boxing World Champion.
I’m proud of you. anak.
Win or lose.
You do what’s in your heart.
But remember
Always pray to God. So he’s
with you in the ring. Always.
Thanks. mom.
Now. you get some rest so you’re
ready to fight again tomorrow.
Hey!
Yo!
Wake the fuck up!
Coach Green? How’d you get
in my house?
–Your momma let me in.
–It’s so early I keep hearing knocking
then this big guy scare me.
He said he’s your coach.
I said. “Ok.”
I didn’t know you still live
with your mom. Momma’s boy.
Get your monkey ass up.
–Aren’t all gangsters sleeping?
It’s like 3AM.
–Gangsters sleep with one eye open.
And so do fighters.
–You say. what’s all this gangster
gangster? Are you gangster?
No ma’am. I’m not a gangster.
I’m a cold-blooded killer.
And your son’s about to be
one too.
You got one more stop.
Long Beach.
–Coach Green!
–Uncle Yao!
Ladies. fellas.
Rule number four.
What is it?
No sex.
What?
No sex before a fight.
No masturbation. no porn no nothing.
That makes no sense.
We need as much testosterone inside
of you as possible. Got it?
Got it.
I’m serious!
Let me take you to the warehouse.
Now. this your kind.
You better take all that shit
that you learn and apply it now.
Tom here
he’s been fighting his whole damn life.
One of the baddest motherfuckers
in the hood.
A Muay Thai fighter. And today
I’m allowing him to
kick your ass.
What?
You can’t kick in boxing.
–Oh. yes the hell you can.
This is a street fight. remember?
Adapt or die. gorilla! Adapt or die.
Footwork! Come on let me
see some footwork.
Hands up! Hands up!
Remember why you started.
Remember what you’re fighting for.
You want to know why gorillas pound
their chest? Cause they ready for combat.
And you ain’t ready for no damn
Combat.
Let’s go!
My man.
You crazy. you know?
Coach Green believe in you.
He said you have heart.
I say he crazy. I say you crazy.
Perfect combination to win.
You got heart. kid.
You go down fighting and you
keep getting your ass up.
And that’s what it takes to be
a champion in my book.
Let’s get your ass up so we
can get you ready for this fight.
Two. Two. One. One. One. Three.
Three. Three
Find that spot.
Start speeding it up.
There you go! There you go!
–Zeus!
–What?
Come here. man.
Who designed the shirts?
Me!
Manila has one “L” not two.
Fuck!
Come on. man! You gotta
let me design the shirts next time.
Must have gotten this
shit from the flea market.
One. Two. Check this out. Zeus.
You ain’t doing this for you
no more.
You doing this for us now.
You a gorilla now.
Let's go. let's go!
Come on. push it! Push it!
Ladies and gentlemen. you can feel
the electricity in the air.
This is the fight we’ve all been
talking about.
Rob Rodeo Cooper versus some
unknown fighter. named Zeus.
“Gorilla in Manila” Ortega.
They’re making the announcement at
the press conference now.
After searching through thousands of
potential opponents for Rob Rodeo Cooper.
We are proud to announce that
we have selected Zeus.
“Gorilla in Manila” Ortega.
To fight on October 10th. 2020.
We spoke to so many potential
strong fighters we felt that going with
Zeus Ortega was the best option.
I’m going to hand over the mic over to
Rob. He’s going to share his thoughts
on the match.
When I saw a video online of Zeus
Punching an innocent American.
And I just saw this man collapse
I knew this type of behavior would have
to be handled the right way.
I stand today not as a boxer.
But as a person fighting for justice.
Today. I fight on behalf of the
American people.
On injustice and bullying.
And I'm going to make an example.
Out of Zeus Ortega on October 10th.
Hold on. hold on.
I got to interrupt.
I got nothing but respect for
you. Rob.
And I greatly appreciate you
giving me this opportunity.
But let’s set the record straight.
That guy attacked me first.
And I was just trying to defend
an old man.
Yeah. but you’re a trained fighter.
How about you pick on somebody
your own size?
Not some innocent bystander
who was standing up for what he
believed in. I know your kind.
–See. this is the problem in America.
People like you. misinterpreting
The facts and spinning it around to
make me look like the bad guy.
After hearing what you just said
I got no problem knocking your ass
out on October 10th.
What country are you fighting for?
–Both of my parents are from the
Philippines but I was born right here
in L.A. and i’ll be fighting for
America.
–You’re not American. I’m American.
American’s don’t fuck
with weaker people just cause
they can. American’s don’t take injustice.
Why don’t you fight for your own
Country. wherever the fuck you came
from.
How confident are you in Zeus
defeating Rob Rodeo Cooper.
I’m very confident in Zeus will
kick Rodeo Cooper’s ass.
In fact I got a proposition to make.
If Zeus loses to Rodeo Cooper
he’ll leave this country.
But if you lose. you leave America
for good.
Done.
–What are you doing?
–Relax. Mind games.
He fuck with you. you fuck
with him back.
You losing the mind.
You lose in the ring.
Ok. It’s settled then.
Hey. coach! What the fuck was
that about?
–Mind games.
–What if I lose?
–Then you leaving America.
–What the fuck? I don’t want to
leave America.
Well. then win.
What the fuck were you thinking?
Why’d you say yes?
What are you talking about?
I’m gonna knock his ass out.
–What if you lose?
–I won’t.
–What if you do?
Everything ok?
I don’t know if I could take out
Rodeo. And deep down inside
I don’t even know if I should fight.
What do you mean?
I see you out here and you play
and people walk past you.
With me. people think I’m some
Asian racist that just beats up
people. They look at me like
I’m some loser.
Well. maybe I am a loser.
And maybe this whole Rodeo
thing is just a payday.
A loser? Stop talking like that.
That’s how I feel.
And that’s why you fight.
You make sure the world knows
you. It’s why I’m out here everyday.
every night. I don’t care about
the money. I don’t care if people
walk past me. I don’t care if people
steal from me.
All I care about is that one
person who feels my music.
Who appreciates what I’m putting
out in the world.
I’m not like you Cora. I’m not making
music.
You’re making history.
You’re fighting for us.
For Filipinos. For Americans.
I’m not American. People don’t even
know what I am. Is he Chinese?
Is he Vietnamese?
–And that’s why
you fight! You make sure they
know who you are.
I’m a nobody alright!
Nobody gives a fuck about me.
I’m a loser. A stupid fucking
Asian loser!
If that’s what you believe.
then you’re right.
Hands up!
Come on! Hands up!
Life’s a fight and you’re a fighter.
So show me you’re a fighter.
Coach.
What are you smiling for?
You look like you had some.
Oh. hell no. You did not.
Please tell me you didn’t
sleep with her.
Did you sleep with her?
Zeus. did you?
Yup!
You dumb motherfucker.
What the fuck did I say.
when I said. no sex?
Are you really trying to get knocked
out in the ring?
No
We need as much
testosterone inside you
As possible. and here you go
blowing up it inside her.
If you get your ass knocked out
I’m gonna say it’s because of that
pussy.
Am I interrupting?
–Nope.
–Did you guys have sex?
How was he?
What?
How was he in bed?
Uh. aggressive?
See. that’s the shit we need
in the ring. And here you go
blowing up inside her.
No offense. listen Miss Corazon
Do me a favor please. for the
love of God. Do not have sex
Only after the fight.
Got it?
Dumb motherfucker.
Finally the long-anticipated fight
is here. Rob Rodeo Cooper will
be going head-to-head
with a local young Filipino
American boxer named. Zeus
“Gorilla in Manila” Ortega.
Oh. my God! Oh. my God!
That’s my nephew!
That’s my nephew.
The fight will be taking place
in Vegas on October 10th.
–Oh. hey auntie!
–How’s my favorite nephew?
–I'm good. Thank you!
–This is for you.
–It’s not even my birthday. auntie.
–I know. but I just wanted to
do something special because
you’re my favorite nephew.
Thank you. Come in. Come in.
–Can I cook you anything?
–Oh. no auntie. It’s fine. Thank you!
Are you sure?
I can make you pancit.
palabok. lumpia. dinuguan. sisig?
Anything you want.
–Oh. no thank you auntie.
–You know I saw on the TV
That you are in a big boxing match.
–Yes. auntie.
Well. I just wanted to say that
I always believed in you.
I knew you would always succeed.
Thank you. auntie!
–You are a good Gorilla in Manila.
–Thank you. auntie.
And also…
Yes. auntie?
If you win can you buy me a
Louis Vuitton purse?
Sure auntie. yes.
Ok. I go with you to the store
and buy it ok?
–Yes. auntie.
–Ok. I will leave you now
so you can focus on your
boxing boxing. bye!
–Oh. hey uncle!
–Zeus! I saw you on the TV.
–Oh. yes uncle.
–I’m so proud of you!
Thank you. uncle.
Here. come in!
You’re a boxing star now.
I knew you shouldn’t have joined the
Navy. See. I was just testing you!
And well. you passed!
Thank you. Uncle.
You know. I was thinking.
Since you’re into sport
I’m into sport myself too.
And you know. i’m practicing a
challenging sport. Very challenging.
Just as challenging as boxing.
A lifelong sport. And you see.
I need these tools to do
the sport right. Can you help me
get these tools?
Um. what kind of tools are
these Uncle?
Golf clubs.
Sure. uncle I’ll get you one.
I need a set.
Please.
It will help me with improving
my game of golf.
Just like you’re improving your
boxing. Oh. you see?
–Ok. Yeah. i’ll get you a set.
–Ok. great! I’ll go with you
when you’re not busy?
Sure uncle.
Good luck with the fight!
Yes. uncle.
Mom
Auntie Zeta and uncle Romeo
stopped by to congratulate me.
Auntie Zeta wants me to buy her
a Louis Vuitton purse. And uncle
Romeo wants me to buy him.
golf clubs.
You alright. mom?
Yeah. I’m fine.
What’s wrong?
Uh. nothing. Just tired.
Is everything ok?
Yeah. everything’s fine. anak.
I just. I just. Want you to
remember. there are always
good people in this world.
And bad people.
And if ever anybody. say something
bad to you out there
Just know. they’re not all like that.
I know that. mom.
You don’t have to worry about me.
Did somebody mess with you?
Let me know and I’ll knock his
ass out.
–No. no. no
Nobody mess with me.
Just focus on knocking out your
opponent.
Do it for me.
Do it for the Philippines.
Do it for America.
Do it for everyone...
Who experience bad people.
Yes. mom.
Hey. there champ.
Oh. hey!
Oh. hell no. hell no.
Please not again.
–No. we didn’t do it.
–Oh. thank God.
–All right let’s take a break.
–I got my eye on you two.
–Hey –I’m so proud of you.
–You got this.
–Thanks.
You know. don’t jinx it now.
–I just wanted to see you.
–I want to see you too.
Except Coach Green’s been
killing me there in the ring.
Well. I got you a little gift
to help you with your training.
–What is it?
–It’s balut.
–Thank you.
–I’ll leave it here.
And I got you a gift too.
Here. come with me.
When I saw you singing at the
pier one night. I got this idea.
And I was like what if you
could sing in front of everyone on
TV? And so I contacted.
the commission and I asked them
if you could sing. the
Philippine National Anthem.
On fight night. and they said.
Yes!
This is so amazing!
You’re amazing.
You deserve it.
Wow. this is a blessing.
What the fuck is this shit?
Ladies and gentlemen. finally
the fight we’ve all been waiting for.
Rob “Rodeo” Cooper versus
Zeus “Gorilla in Manila” Ortega.
Yes. it’s finally here and these
times are truly crazy. Joe.
I mean this is the first time. in history
where the audience is all on TV.
I mean there’s really no audience
in this arena and it’s really weird.
But one thing’s for certain.
Covid will not stop these two
fighters tonight.
–I know. Chuck. hey. COVID has
taken a lot of things in this
world. but one thing it hasn’t taken
over is the sport of boxing.
Fighters will fight no matter what.
Hey. it could be Armageddon and
these two Still get in the ring with
each other. Especially with
the animosity Rodeo has towards
Zeus. Now. check this Coach
Green did say that if Zeus
Loses this fight. that he’ll
Move out of the country.
–Can you believe that?
–Oh. my gosh. Oh. this fight’s
going to be truly interesting.
I mean these times are
crazy. but you know who’s
even crazier? Is Rodeo Cooper.
I mean giving Ortega a chance
at the Middleweight title of the world
All while his mother just passed away
not too long ago.
I mean this fight means a lot to him.
–Yeah. but Zeus is an underdog too
now. He was born in America.
Born in Los Angeles.
That’s my son. That’s my son.
And he went viral. Let’s not forget
he went viral.
Yo! Remember
when I knocked that chino out?
Aye! There's my man. Let’s go!
Man. I knocked this guy out already.
–Man. you stepped on his shoe.
Yeah. alright.
Nah. you did.
We got a professional fighter and
some kid who was viral on YouTube.
Absolutely no shot. I mean it
has to be a respect for the game.
You can’t just go viral
after one hit and get an opportunity
like this.
–You know my brother knocked me
out after one hit when I was eight
years old. Should he be in this ring
right now?
–My momma knocked me out
because I wouldn’t clean the dishes.
Could I step to my dad after that?
Tell you what. your mom.
my brother toe-to-toe right
after this. How about that?
–Let’s do it. You know what. let’s go.
Might as well.
–Oh. Zeus is so cute.
–What’d you say?
–What! He’s cute.
–I don’t know. My money’s on Cooper.
Man. fuck you. Who’s side
are you on?
I twenty thousand on Zeus.
I knocked his ass out.
he ain’t that hard.
That’s because you used
your legs.
Try using your hands next time.
I’ll use my hands on
him alright.
And we take it to the
ring with Miss Corazon Punong-bayan
Punong-bayan. Wow. beautiful name.
With the Philippine National Anthem.
Ladies and gentlemen singing the
Philippine National Anthem tonight.
Corazon Punongbayan
–Wow! She’s so pretty!
–I don’t like her dress though.
She should have wore a
different color.
You’re just jealous.
Because you can’t even fit in that.
–Damn. that girl fine.
–Sheesh! You ain’t lying.
–Who is she yo?
–I think that’s Zeus’ girl.
–Hell no.
–What?
–Yeah. right.
–That’s Zeus’ girl?
–Yeah. I think so.
–Hey. listen bro If Zeus ever goes down
I’m taking his girl.
–What? Stand in line brother.
I love you. baby! Kick his ass!
Come on. don’t get soft
on me now. Save that shit for later.
Ok. Let’s go. Hook.
Ladies and Gentlemen. Singing tonight’s
National Anthem. Jared Axon.
O say can you see. by the dawn's
That’s it. There he is.
There he is. There’s Rodeo.
There’s Rodeo. That’s it.
Get that focus and that’s it
And that’s it. You going out of
it.
Let’s go champ. Let’s go champ.
You can do this Champ.
There you go.
O'er the land of the free and
the home of the brave.
Yay! Go Zeus! Zeus!
Aye! My man!
That's my boy right there. Zeus!
That's my boy!
Boo!
I should throw this food at you!
Ladies and gentlemen. Welcome
to tonight’s main event.
For the Middleweight
Championship of the World.
Fighting out of the red corner. Zeus
“Gorilla in Manilla” Ortega.
And fighting out of the blue corner.
Rob “Rodeo” Cooper.
The referee of tonight’s fight.
Michael Olagbegi.
Alright gentlemen. we went over
the instructions in the dressing room.
Protect yourself at all times.
Obey my commands at all times.
Touch gloves if you want.
Alright back to your corner.
Come out ready to fight.
Knock his ass out.
Remember why you started.
Remember what you’re fighting for.
You got this.
Fighter ready. Fighter ready.
Let’s go.
And here we go. ladies and gentlemen.
Put your hands up! Put your hands up!
Jab. Jab. Move. Move.
Rodeo opens up with a barrage
of punches.
Oh. he’s firing away
like a wild rodeo cowboy.
–Come on! Hands up! Hands up!
–Come on. Zeus!
Come on. man!
Teach him! Teach him!
–This is not looking good.
–No. No. Not at all. Zeus. keeps taking
heat after heat.
–Come on punch back. chino.
There you go!
–Ah! That hurt me.
–Right. right in the gut.
Jab. Jab. Up top.
Back to your corner.
Rodeo is eating him alive right now.
Sit your monkey ass down.
What the fuck was that?
–What was what?
–I thought you was nearly going to
get your ass beat.
Boy. what the hell you doing
out there? You look like my
Goddamn grandmother. She’s twenty
years fucking dead.
Listen. what you need to
do is get in there as tight as possible
and let it rip. Let them strong punches
get in there. man. Come on. champ.
You can do this! Let him feel
the wrath of the gorilla.
Combo and move. combo and move.
You want to win this fucking fight?
–That’s what I'm doing.
–This boy’s a nobody. You understand?
Now. stop playing games.
Back when I was in the ring.
I couldn’t even take that much.
Well. back in my day. I could.
Come on. come on!
Hands up. hands up!
Come on. Zeus!. duck!
Come on!
Oh. I believe that was a shoulder
in his face.
Oh. what a cheap shot.
Keep it clean.
Come on fight back! Fight back!
Side to side. Move your head!
Move your head!
I’m telling you. I need to get
in there to show these guys something.
You’re way out of your league.
Breathe. champ. breathe. Come on.
That’s nothing. That’s nothing. man.
Just breathe. Breathe. Alright.
Keep your hands up.
His hands are high.
When he put his hands high
You got him in the ribs. man.
You gotta let your hands go.
Let your hands go. ok?
Boy. that is exactly what the fuck
I’m talking about. Keep that pressure on.
Do not let him come out of that
corner throwing a single punch.
Tee off on this fucking kid! Do you
hear me?
I hear you. This is your
fight baby. This is your fight.
It’s not working. coach.
Just take a deep breath. I don’t
know if I could keep going.
–Relax. relax. relax. Breathe.
Take it easy. That’s it. Deep
breath. Deep breath. There you go.
That’s nothing. man.
You look good. You look good
You understand? He is nothing.
You better take this fight.
You want this fight?
–Yeah. This is from your momma.
You remember? Huh! You remember?
You get in there son. Slip that
jab and double up on that
right hand. Set them up!
You got it? Got it!
Get in there.
Come on! You didn’t see that?
He tripped him!
Get your ass up. Zeus!
Rob! That’s it!
Zeus! Get up!
–No!
Get up. chino! Get up!
–Five!
–Come on. Zeus!
–Six!
–Get your ass up. Zeus!
–Seven!
–Get up. Zeus!
Eight!
–There you go!
Walk to me.
There you go! Shit!
That’s the end of the round.
Come on Zeus!
I believe in you. I believe in
you. That’s why I never threw in the towel.
You have to believe
in yourself. man.
I need you to end this fight. now.
I’m not fucking around. Do you
understand me? Damn it. Fight
dirty if you got to. I don’t give
a fuck. It is all about winning.
Don’t matter how you get there
just get there. Do you understand?
–Yeah. Got it. coach.
Remember. you can get hit with a
hundred punches. but with a
one-hitter-quitter it’s over!
Come on. champ!
You can do this. alright!
One-hitter-quitter it’s over!
Hands up. jab. straight. hook!
Jab. straight. hook!
–Yeah!
–Back to your corner!
Get some!
–Two. Three. Four.
–It is not looking good for Zeus.
It might be over.
Remember what you’re fighting for.
Show me you’re a fighter.
You do it for everyone.
experience bad people.
Oh. Zeus is starting to get back up.
Six. Seven. Eight. Come to me.
You good?
–Rodeo goes down!
–Get up! Get up!
I don’t think he’s getting back up.
One-hitter-quitter! That’s what
I’m talking about.
Yes!
Two. Three. Four.
Five. Six.
No!
Yes!
He's out. he's out!